in the Navy. You generally work Ah lot, especially if you're on deployment.
Um, Sunday's would be your easiest day, and that day would be
a six hour watch. And that's a lucky day for the rest of the time. You
you wake up a 6 50 maybe a little bit earlier, if you wanna shower.
If you had the night before you're down in the plants the whole entire
day up until 1600 off course, their breaks for lunch, you could
go outside and smoke. Um, okay, there. Maybe sometimes that you could
take an hour to go to the top of ship to vultures role. They're
not pushing you so hard, but they do expect you to be working. You know,
the whole ship is working, so it's like a community. Um, where
nukes differ from other sailors is that we're expected toe also stand
watch outside of our normal, um, our normal workday, which means that
we have a five hour watch here or six hour watch there could be
in the middle of the night. Could be at night time. There's also general
quarters, especially when we're at war time. And we have general
quarters every single day. That's two hours, so yeah, you will be
worked a lot. Um, and you be proud of it, too. Um, every four days you
were up for 24 hours, and then you get your rest and, you know, as
a nice young guy, it's good. Outside of the six years that I worked
on the aircraft care, Um, just being in the Navy reserves or I think
normal people in the active duty, they tend to have 40 hour weeks,
which are seven toe, 1500 standard.